README.md, before:

# DnD 5e Char Manager

This app was built using the Electron Quick Start app: [Quick Start Guide](http://electron.atom.io/docs/tutorial/quick-start).

Learn more about Electron and its API in the [documentation](http://electron.atom.io/docs/).

This was a modification of Pathfinder-character-manager and given a small overhaul. you can find it [here](https://github.com/AlexVild/pathfinder-character-manager).

## To Use

To clone and run this repository you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com), and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer. From your command line:

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install
# Run the app
npm start
```

## The App
This app was created as a way for new players to the table top RPG DnD 5e to quickly and easily be able to create characters that they can then manage from their computers. This will allow players to level up their characters, change what's in their inventory, and change their character's stats from their computers, which both gets new games up and running very quickly, and hides some of the more confusing and boring aspects of the game for new players.

This app will also work great for those who play DnD 5e over the web, as they can simply have the app up and running as they use whatever other RPG client they like to host the game.

Commit message:

Changed name on Readme -- Jackie's Added instructions for continuous build

README.md, after:

# Raven CM

This app was built using the Electron.
Learn more about Electron and its API in the [documentation](http://electron.atom.io/docs/).

## To Use

To clone and run this repository you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com), and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer. From your command line:

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install
# Run the app
npm start
```

```bash
# For faster development, run the following command to continously build
npm run watch

# To launch electron without building (usually in another console)
npm run electron
```

## The App
This app was created as a way for new players to the table top RPG DnD 5e to quickly and easily be able to create characters that they can then manage from their computers. This will allow players to level up their characters, change what's in their inventory, and change their character's stats from their computers, which both gets new games up and running very quickly, and hides some of the more confusing and boring aspects of the game for new players.

This app will also work great for those who play DnD 5e over the web, as they can simply have the app up and running as they use whatever other RPG client they like to host the game.
